[THE DEVIL BETWEEN US]
[Episode 13]
I'm heading back to the repair shop.
I thought Cao Jinchuan
had already run away.
Who knew he would
suddenly show up at my door today,
ask for money,
and threaten me with Jiajia?
You killed someone.
He threatened me with Jiajia.
Where are we driving to?
Can't we go somewhere closer?
I'm worried about
leaving the kid alone at home.
Do you know
how serious this is?
Cao Jinchuan is connected to the buyer.
Now that the buyer is dead,
the police will definitely find him.
Can you guarantee
that no one saw Cao Jinchuan
coming to your house?
If the police show up,
what will you do?
Right now, besides us,
no one knows where Xiaoyu is.
The goods aren't at my place.
Once we get rid of Cao Jinchuan,
even if the police come knocking,
they won't get anything out of me.
They won't get anything from you,
but what about Jiajia?
I'll teach her what to say.
Jiajia is smart.
There are too many holes in this.
This is our only option now.
No one else can
know about Cao Jinchuan.
I won't tell Xiaoya about this.
The success of the slimming pill sales
depends on this.
She can't be distracted right now.
We are racing against the police.
This business won't last long.
Once we make the money and split it,
Xiaoya and I will go abroad.
Think about what you should do next.
When things hit rock bottom,
what else can you do?
Dong,
if it comes to that,
you have to take care of Jiajia.
If that really happens,
I won't be far from death either.
Yu,
keep an eye on that side.
Liang,
watch the upstairs.
Kai,
watch over there.
How about this, Jie?
You take your men back first.
That's it for today.
Okay, we'll head out.
Good work, everyone.
Okay.
We'll switch shifts tomorrow.
Good work.
You should go back with them too.
You startled me.
Let's go.
It's this late.
Just the two of you
staring at each other here.
We're just leaving?
Either he's not coming back,
or he's already spotted us.
I've left three people here to keep watch.
Let's go back and rest.
We'll continue searching tomorrow.
Wenjing.
Let's go.
[Nuanfeng Hengke Electronics Co., Ltd.]
I worked overtime today,
so I'm back late.
Why aren't you saying anything?
You haven't eaten, right?
I'll make you something right now.
I finally understand
why you didn't call the police last time.
It's not what you think.
Did you eat this?
I promised you in rehab
that I could quit.
And I did.
What about you?
I can quit.
I definitely can.
Where did you just go?
I...
I was working overtime.
You're still lying.
I saw you get into
that man's car with my own eyes.
I didn't tell you.
I'm dating him.
Good.
Very good.
I called the police.
Hu Wenjing will be here soon.
Your boyfriend won't get away either.
You called the police?
Why would you do that?
Do you know this time
is different from last time?
If the factory finds out, I'll be fired.
How can I support you without a salary?
Do you even care about me?
I could quit drugs for you.
What about you?
You're such a hypocrite.
Full of lies.
Letting yourself rot.
Wang An.
Anyone else can say that about me,
but not you.
Do you have a conscience?
I went to school and worked
at the same time.
I raised you since you were little.
I was both a sister
and a mother to you.
You're 25 years old,
and you haven't earned a cent.
I feed you and take care of you,
and I've never complained.
If you hadn't brought that stuff home,
how could I have taken it?
I would never have touched it in my life!
Right?
I would never have had the chance
to touch that stuff.
How could you say that to me?
How could you?
Look at yourself now.
Are you still Wang Ping?
Look at yourself.
You're talking to me like this now?
Am I Wang Ping?
Am I?
Even if I overdose on this stuff and die,
I'm still your sister.
Wang Ping.
Where did you get the drugs?
Police! Freeze!
Freeze!
Hands on your head!
We are now summoning you
in accordance with the law.
Take him away.
Start talking.
Where did you buy the drugs?
I bought them from Quan's place.
Quan is already dead.
I know.
Can't I have bought them
before something happened to him?
We found 15 kilogs of hallucinogen-laced
candy in your house.
Who were you planning to sell
all those drugs to?
Don't accuse me falsely.
I bought it all for personal use.
I never sell it.
If you don't believe me, ask Wang Ping
if I ever took a cent from her.
Besides,
the drug content
in those candies is very low.
Fifteen kilograms
sounds dramatic.
How much could you
actually extract from that?
You can't convict me of drug trafficking,
nor can you convict me
of illegal possession.
At most, you can detain me for a few days.
You think you know the law, huh?
You lured and instigated
others to use drugs.
That's three to seven years in prison.
You know that?
Didn't you instigate Wang Ping?
How did I instigate her?
You tell me how you did it.
Do you have evidence?
I do.
Wang Ping using before
had nothing to do with me, right?
Later, she couldn't resist relapsing.
She knew I had candy,
so she came crying and begging me.
What could I do?
You know your colleague
Li Jingjing, right?
Li Jingjing told us
that you once asked her
to give Wang Ping a cup of coffee.
Right?
What was in that coffee?
You know very well.
You counted on
Wang Ping's history with drugs
to control her.
Li.
Come here.
Mr. Han.
Um,
Wang Ping's been
in a bad mood lately, right?
Here.
Take this coffee to her.
Ping.
Here.
For me?
It's okay.
Ignore them.
Hang in there.
Can I have another ten?
Five works too.
You're eating them faster and faster.
I'll try to control myself.
I can't just keep
supplying you for free.
Get off work early today.
I'll wait for you at the same place.
I want a lawyer.
You don't get to decide everything.
Don't get cocky here.
Kai.
You go ahead.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Do you know Li Baocai?
No.
What about Cao Jinchuan?
Where were you on the night
of the 20th last month?
Either drinking with friends
or playing cards.
Let me remind you.
On the 20th,
there was a murder in Wujing Village.
A bag of drugs was found at the scene.
Its composition matches
the candy you've been stockpiling.
We have reason to suspect
that you're connected to this case.
Don't throw dirt on me.
Wujing Village?
I've never been there.
Never even heard of that place.
I remember now.
On the 20th,
I was playing cards
with a bunch of friends.
There were many people.
You can investigate it.
Are they your card buddies
or drug buddies?
Card buddies, of course.
I don't know that many drug addicts.
You hoarded so many drugs in your house
and you say you don't sell them.
Who would believe that?
That's because
Quan could get me receipts.
No matter how much I bought,
the factory reimbursed me.
It didn't cost me a cent.
Why would I spend so much
of my own money to buy it?
Han Qiang.
I'm giving you a chance now.
Think it over carefully.
I...
I'm telling the truth, Officer.
Well...
I'm telling you to think carefully.
Are you okay?
When Wang Ping's parents died
in that car accident,
we were in our senior year of high school.
Wang Ping changed after that.
She lived frugally on
that little compensation money.
It wasn't easy for her
to get to where she is today.
And drugs ruined it all.
We have new information.
Um,
officers,
if what I'm about to say
is useful,
will it count as meritorious service?
Say it first.
Okay.
That Cao Jinchuan you just mentioned—
I remember him.
Cao Jinchuan!
Don't run!
What kind of person
called out to Cao Jinchuan?
I didn't get a good look.
He just flashed right past me.
It was too fast.
We've been to
the mahjong parlor you mentioned.
The owner didn't mention this lead at all.
Maybe he forgot.
Or maybe he didn't want trouble.
I wasn't the only one there that day.
There were many people.
You can go ask them.
We'll ask.
[Xiaoya Recommends New Diet Pills]
Let me see.
How did it turn out?
How come you're so thin lately?
Really?
Your face looks so small
even in the front.
[I must lose weight this time.]
What's your secret?
I recently found a miracle product.
[I want to try it too.]
With this little thing,
[I lost 10 kilos with this.]
you can eat whatever you want all day.
[Visitors; Sales; Total orders]
No matter how much you eat,
you won't gain weight.
[So happy.]
Plus,
just one pack a day,
[I've lost weight. I need to order more.]
you don't just maintain,
you actually drop.
It works so well?
For real?
Yeah.
I want to try it too.
Thanks for your hard work, Chao.
Don't mention it.
Thank you.
Take care.
Do you know
what our turnover is right now?
How much?
2.38 million.
The gross profit rate
is as high as 95%.
We're rich.
We made it.
We're loaded!
Why isn't he happy?
Happy.
I'm happy.
Doesn't look like it.
I've figured it out.
I've been thinking for the past few days.
We can set up a membership system.
1,888 for junior membership.
Free pills for three months.
5-kilo loss guaranteed.
5,888 for intermediate membership.
25-kilo loss guaranteed.
18,888 for senior membership.
Free pills for life.
No rebound ever.
We need to ride this wave,
make the most money
in the fastest speed.
Okay?
Okay. Good.
Alright.
So roughly
when exactly can we
get our dividends?
We've only just started.
Still early.
Can I take one million in advance?
I need it urgently.
No.
Packaging, production, marketing—
they all cost money.
This is like a snowball.
We need to reinvest the money we make.
If you pull money out now,
our accounts will be messed up.
Just wait a few more days.
I can't wait now, Xiaoya.
It's really urgent.
Ken,
didn't we agree
that I manage the accounts?
I really can't give you the money.
I know.
You want to help Jiajia
with her transplant.
But you have to think it through.
What about Jiajia's future life?
You've lost your job now.
And we're doing this kind of business.
If you don't make a big score,
how will you support Jiajia in the future?
Don't worry. In a few days,
I'll definitely give it to you.
I promise.
I've sorted all the receipts.
Jiajia needs dialysis tomorrow.
I won't come over.
You'd better not
come at all in the future.
Keep your distance.
We have enough stock.
The two of us can handle the shipping.
Let's reduce contact
to lower the risk.
Ken,
listen to Xiaoya.
I'll see you out.
So...
we have a deal on the money?
Even if you don't trust me,
don't you trust him?
Don't worry.
If you need me,
contact me the way I told you.
Okay.
I'm off.
Take care.
My brother's had enough bad luck.
You won't scam him, right?
Why would I scam him?
What does he have worth scamming?
Use your brain.
An unemployed factory accountant
suddenly coming up with a million.
That screams trouble.
It's asking for problems.
Better
wait until we've
made enough money,
when we're about to leave,
then give him his cut.
That's the safest way.
You're thinking more and more thoroughly.
You asked me to manage the accounts.
How the money's made,
how it should be split—
of course I have to manage it clearly.
I don't want anything.
I only want you.
My family built this house ourselves.
Solid materials, top quality.
Only my sister and I lived here,
growing up together.
So we took good care of it.
It's well-maintained.
Even when times were hard,
we never thought of selling it.
May I ask,
why are you selling it now?
My sister died.
Has Wang An been here?
Hang in there.
You haven't been using for long.
You'll definitely be able to quit.
Han Qiang has already been arrested.
So when you get out,
no worries about running into him.
Wang Ping.
Don't you have anything
you want to tell me?
What is Xiaoya busy with?
She's busy with business.
Her business has been booming lately,
keeping her busy.
I see the delivery trucks downstairs
keep coming.
Good for her.
Wang Ping.
Every addict, every dealer
in Nuanfeng County—
I'll drag them out one by one.
I promise you that.
I'm already like this.
There's no turning back.
You can start over after you get out.
You can do it.
You still have me, Wang Ping.
What's wrong?
Get in. Let's get to work.
That day,
he just stood at the door
and shouted.
When my colleague came that day,
why didn't you mention it?
I forgot.
Do you have surveillance here?
No.
Around what time was it?
Probably around lunch time.
I don't remember the exact time.
Sir, pause here.
Stop.
Rewind a little bit.
Right here.
Zoom in.
Zoom in a bit.
Zoom in more. Closer.
Is that Cheng Ken?
Yes.
Can we go see Jiang later?
Not today.
Jiang hasn't been feeling well lately.
Uncle Xue is probably busy too.
Another day.
Xiaoyu hasn't been around lately.
Neither have you.
I'm always alone.
Alright.
Didn't we agree
not to mention Xiaoyu anymore?
I'm sorry.
I won't be going out for work for a while.
I'll stay home with you.
Really?
Really.
Come on.
Put this on.
Okay.
Put your hand through.
Come on.
There you go.
Cheng Ken.
Do you recognize us?
We suspect you're involved in a case.
We're conducting
a legal search of your residence.
We hope you'll cooperate.
Okay.
How do you turn it?
It's backwards.
Almost done?
Zhang Yan.
That's enough.
Find anything?
No.
Alright, head back to the bureau first.
We'll ask a few questions,
then we'll be back.
Let's go. Move out.
Good work.
Bye.
We'll just
ask you a few simple questions.
Okay.
Go inside.
Let me talk to the officers.
On the evening of the 20th last month,
where were you between 6 and 8 PM?
I can't remember clearly.
But I should have been home
with my kid that night,
Since I got fired
from the factory earlier,
I usually went out during the day
to look for work.
Where did you go that afternoon?
Looking for work too, right?
Which day's afternoon?
The 20th.
What day of the week was the 20th?
Friday.
I remember it.
That Friday, I was...
I went out in the morning
to the job market.
I wanted to find a temp job,
but didn't find one.
I saw I still had some time after noon,
so I went to see a friend
in the afternoon.
What friend?
What's his name?
Cao Jinchuan.
Since when is Cao Jinchuan your friend?
Well, actually,
we aren't really friends.
I went to collect a debt
from him that day.
Last time at the bar,
as you know,
he scammed me out of my money.
You confiscated the money later,
but I...
I thought about it.
I'm innocent.
And I really need the money.
I had no choice.
I figured I'd try my luck,
go find him,
see if I could get the money back.
Just over a thousand yuan,
and he ran just seeing you?
How do you know he ran?
Answer my question first.
Yes, he...
When I called out to him,
he stood up from his seat and ran.
It startled me.
I...
I didn't know what was going on.
So I quickly chased after him.
I only found out after I caught him
that he mistook me
for some other creditor.
So after you left the mahjong parlor,
where did you run to?
He ran out the back door of the parlor.
He went out the back,
along a small alley.
That's where I cornered him.
Well, not really cornered.
We didn't get physical.
We had a nice talk.
I just told him my situation
and how things were.
Later,
maybe he realized
I was having a hard time.
So he gave the money back.
Then I found
a food stall nearby
and treated him to a meal.
After the meal, we went our separate ways.
I haven't seen him since.
Why? Did something happen to Cao Jinchuan?
Why do you ask?
If nothing happened to him,
you wouldn't be asking me like this.
I really don't know him well.
We only met those two times.
If something really did happen to him,
it's got nothing to do with me.
We'll investigate that.
By the way,
do you know Li Baocai?
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him, huh?
No.
There's a scrap station in Wujing Village.
Have you been there?
Wujing Village?
Never been there.
That sure?
Wujing Village isn't close to here.
Okay.
That's all we need from you.
Would it be okay
if we ask your daughter a few questions?
Please leave her out of this.
She's...
still young,
and her health isn't good.
I don't want to scare her.
Don't worry about that.
We definitely won't scare her.
Since she's a minor,
we can't question her alone.
As her guardian,
you can just sit next to her.
I can sit here?
Sure. No problem.
Okay.
Jiajia.
Come here.
It's okay.
They just want to ask you a few questions.
Jiajia, let me ask you.
What does Dad do at home every night?
He cooks dinner and we eat.
He watches TV with me and goes to bed.
Is Dad home every night?
Pretty much.
On the 20th of last month,
was Dad home?
That was too long ago.
I forgot.
It's been so long.
You can't remember, right?
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
Has anyone visited your home recently?
Any strangers?
Like young men or women?
Yes.
Who?
Right.
I did come once.
Okay.
I'm going to show you some photos.
Look at this one.
Have you seen this girl in these clothes?
Look carefully.
You haven't seen her, have you?
No.
Okay.
Look at another one for me.
Small packets like this
filled with powder.
Have you seen them?
Or anything similar?
No.
You're sure you haven't seen this, right?
Last one.
Do you know this person?
Look closely.
Isn't that Jiang?
It's Jiang.
We're good friends.
Jiang is your friend, right?
They were in the same ward.
That kid was seriously ill too.
Okay.
I have no more questions.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Say "you're welcome."
You're welcome.
That's all for today.
Okay.
And for the time being,
don't leave Nuanfeng County.
Okay.
We'll come find you
if we have more questions.
Anytime.
Thank you for your time.
No problem.
Sorry for disturbing you.
Bye, Jiajia.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Take care, Officer Jin.
Bye.
No need to see us out.
Go play.
Jiajia and Xue Jiang
stayed in the same ward.
They definitely know each other.
But when she answered
your question just now,
she clearly hesitated.
Something's off.
Here you are.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Look.
When I showed her the photo just now
and asked if she knew him,
she didn't know how to answer.
She looked at her dad.
But when I asked her
about the case earlier,
she didn't look at him at all.
She answered fluently.
It shows
they prepared for those questions.
At the very least,
she knew how to answer.
Which tells us one thing:
Cheng Ken
is definitely hiding something.
That's for sure.
So Jiajia has seen
the girl from the hotel?
I'd bet on it.
Which means Cheng Ken is the man in black.
When we brought Cheng Ken
and Cao Jinchuan back from the bar,
I noticed Cheng Ken was missing a sock
at some point.
I suspected he had drugs on him
and threw them away on the way,
but I had no proof.
You never told me that.
I only suspected it at the time.
But looking at it now,
he didn't go to Cao Jinchuan to buy drugs.
He went to sell the drugs
he got from Yuelai Hotel
to him.
Look.
After Cheng Ken got the drugs,
he definitely wanted to sell them, right?
So he went to Cao Jinchuan.
But something went down
between Cao Jinchuan and Li Baocai.
Maybe an unfair split of the loot,
or maybe Li Baocai
didn't want to sell real drugs.
Anything is possible.
So Cao Jinchuan
ended up killing Li Baocai.
If that's the case,
could Cheng Ken be his accomplice?
But these are all just speculations.
We have no evidence.
Where is the girl from the hotel?
Neither of us knows.
Why did she leave with Cheng Ken?
What's the relationship
between Cheng Ken and Lv Deli?
Is he working for Ding Lai?
And no drugs were found
in Cheng Ken's home.
Who did he give the drugs to?
Cao Jinchuan?
You're firing too many questions.
Anyway,
if Cheng Ken wanted to sell the drugs,
he'd have to get paid, right?
The money would have to go into a bank.
Check his bank account.
Hurry up and eat.
Let's go check.
Just as expected.
We dealt with Cao Jinchuan very well.
If the cops had found anything,
you'd be in cuffs by now.
But they're faster than I thought.
They've already connected me
to that batch of drugs.
Xiaoya and I need to leave.
I'll give you the money before we go.
No, no.
Xiaoya was right the other day.
I've been thinking.
If we're talking long-term,
the money we make now isn't enough.
Cheng Ken's bank account is spotless.
It's so clean I want to donate to him.
Donate some to me too.
I'm pretty broke myself.
Let's go over it again.
We'll find a clue.
No matter what,
anyone involved in drug dealing
is beyond redemption.
[Next Episode Preview]